oh man all right where we got next
Lillian lions I'm a nabob Lions
Lannister lions Oh mr. man smoke The
Witcher
oh my god there are no more dragons oh
what Oh God you see that Michael oh god
oh man top 10 top here he's got nipples
on his breastplate what's going on here
well this map looks weird as well no
units triple diamond firework show a bit
your explosion with crowd-pleasing
colors third year get some crowd
pleasers up in here guess I just go
around all this I'm so stupid gee I'm so
stupid I'm so hungry I could eat an
octorok spike the different types of
towers basically yeah ah they get
different strengths and the most
expensive one did he hit my 10-1 I guess
I did the most expensive one is like
double high oh my god I lost mass
already the most expensive one is double
the height so it blocks you can jump
over it is easily fucking nigger dicks
you're shitting me blow man will you
blow me oh fuck that blow man right gold
mine get a destroyed gold mine
Gold man again psyche a gold mine son
what's over there how do I get there all
right go round i guess and then jump
here maybe oh god where's my speed
where's my speed where is it and where
is it oh boy oh boy oh wait did he not
hit yet fool mr. than I am slower than
me what was that noise don't ask fans I
love fans com they aren't the name well
shadow diva you can only buy on this
like the green squares the red squares
you can't buy on so you can't wow really
plays it just in front of the door in
this map I get him with his speed mother
of thick cock come on come on come on
come on yes haha wasn't in closely don't
worry wasn't even close yeah oh man
that's good it's all under control man
did we skip like a huge part of the map
I think we did figure where's the M&E
ads it's like way above nowhere now
we're narleen's where's he going it's
cheating easy no no no build a fan there
just to tease him let me talk accountant
he ever stands a bit Stiller cows go go
go go go now to do what I did hit him
haha it was mass he's getting pushed up
the hill glorious now it give a capital
poor capital T
quick jump it ah yep yep yep yep haha
okay what really no really yeah this
game is made by the same guys who made
that I see no clash that game was pretty
good a bit repetitive and short but dead
but the aesthetics were fucking great
I'm killing an angel oh god what's
happening can't hit him son can't hit
him there you oh man